>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so here,
>> Estelle Weyl: I basically said,
I don't have any color hints but we could.
We could say 20%.
>> Estelle Weyl: And now the red
is circled we can add similarly
the color hints.
And it's a solid orange,
another color hint,
of yellow,
another color hint of green, and
another color hint,
>> Estelle Weyl: Of blue.
Now, the purple isn't showing up,
I would have to do 99,
>> Estelle Weyl: And 99.9.
>> Estelle Weyl: It's teasing me.
>> Estelle Weyl: Is that purple?
>> Estelle Weyl: Here it is, okay.
>> Estelle Weyl: So for some reason, when
I was doing 99.9, it was like, yeah, no,
you can't do that.
>> Estelle Weyl: I don't know where it
will allow me to do that, but, seven,
six, six.
Okay, that's purple.
So I don't know why it's not
allowing me to do the 100.
That's probably a bug
that I should submit.
But you can use the exact
same color stock syntax, and
the exact same color hint syntax.
As you did with radial gradients.
But to finish up with gradients,
let's go over repeating radial gradients.
Repeating radial gradients are basically
similar to repeating linear gradients.
You have to mark what the 100% mark is,
and it will repeat from there on out.
You wanna use all of the other
features as you did before.
So in this example here,
>> Estelle Weyl: I'm
saying closest-side at 100 pixels.
So from this center of the circle to
this outer side, it's 100 pixels.
So I said 100% here is the purple mark,
but
the purple mark is at this spot
right here, the closest side, and
therefore, this radius is 100 pixels.
And so
our repeating is at every 100 pixels.
So it goes 100 pixels out, and then you
have the next circle has a diameter,
the first circle has a diameter of 200,
the next one of 400, 600,
800, and so it's very similar.
If I had put actually at 200 pixels, there
would be a big difference if I put a 300.
It would be a big difference
if it was 400, right?
Because it's basically going,
the radius, and
determine the radius the closest side,
and the closest side is now the top.